Add SECURITY.md (#41)
canonical/user-verification-service-operator: README.md

```

You can follow the deployment status with `watch -c juju status --color`.

## Security

Please see [SECURITY.md](https://github.com/canonical/user-verification-service-operator/blob/main/SECURITY.md)
for guidelines on reporting security issues.

## Contributing

Please see the [Juju SDK docs](https://juju.is/docs/sdk) for guidelines on
enhancements to this charm following best practice guidelines,
and [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/canonical/user-verification-service-operator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for developer guidance.

## License

> The Charmed Kratos Operator is free software, distributed under the Apache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Charmed User Verification Service Operator is free software, distributed under the Apache
```
